com.intellij|null
tanvd.grazi|null
org.jetbrains.settingsRepository|IDE Settings
org.jetbrains.plugins.yaml|Languages
org.jetbrains.plugins.wsl.fs|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.textmate|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.terminal|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.emojipicker|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.idea.maven.model|null
org.jetbrains.idea.reposearch|null
org.editorconfig.editorconfigjetbrains|Other Tools
com.jetbrains.sh|Languages
com.jetbrains.projector.libs|null
com.intellij.externalSystem.dependencyUpdater|null
com.intellij.copyright|Other Tools
com.intellij.properties|Languages
com.intellij.gradle|Build Tools
com.intellij.platform.images|null
com.intellij.java|null
org.jetbrains.java.decompiler|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.debugger.streams|Other Tools
org.intellij.intelliLang|Other Tools
org.intellij.plugins.markdown|Languages
com.jetbrains.packagesearch.intellij-plugin|null
com.jetbrains.codeWithMe|null
com.intellij.tracing.ide|null
com.intellij.tasks|Other Tools
com.intellij.java.ide|null
com.intellij.java-i18n|Other Tools
com.intellij.uiDesigner|Swing
com.intellij.configurationScript|null
intellij.indexing.shared.core|null
com.intellij.completion.ml.ranking|Other Tools
TestNG-J|Test Tools
Lombook Plugin|Tools Integration
JUnit|Test Tools
Git4Idea|Version Controls
com.jetbrains.changeReminder|Version Controls
com.intellij.searcheverywhere.ml|null
ByteCodeViewer|Other Tools
org.intellij.groovy|Languages
AntSupport|Build Tools
org.jetbrains.idea.maven|Build Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.gradle|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.gradle.maven|Build Tools
org.jetbrains.idea.gradle.dsl|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.gradle.dependency.updater|null
